== Sunrise Engine

Web-based exchange application to organize digital currency trading. It's code open and avalible by GPLv2.

== Requirements

* Ruby 2.0 (others not tested)
* PostgreSQL

== Installation

 git clone https://github.com/vasssya/sunrise.git
 cd sunrise
 bundle
 cp config/database.yml.example config/database.yml
 rake db:create db:migrate db:seed
 bin/match # Rub loop matcher for bids
 rails s

== How it works

User can create bid, for example "I want to buy 10 BTC for 1000 USD".

Another user can create bid "I want to buy 1000 USD for 10 BTC".

This bids will matched and closed. Money will transfer through user accounts.

Another example:

User1: I want to buy 10 BTC for 2000 USD

User2: I want to buy 1000 for 10 BTC

First match second. Both will closed. User1 give 2000 USD and get 10 BTC. User2 get 1000 USD and give 10 BTC. In this version 1000 USD disapears. Maybe in future it becomes a fiture - spread that exchange earns.

Matcher logic - lib/matcher.rb

== Plans

== Demo

== License

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, version 2 of the License.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
